what do we all have to have this
title in our hands a new
delivery of dragon ball z this time
you know we have talked over and over again
it is about dragon ball z battle
of the is on this occasion namco bandai
has shown in Japan what would be the
second trailer of this new installment of
the saga animated in this way the company
namco bandai has published this that
we are seeing is the new trailer of
that dragon ball z battle of the is the
trailer for japan in which they show
some of the news that will bring
this impressive battle that is going to
ride songoku with all your friends and
with all his enemies of course but
let's go by parties we can appreciate
all that amount of characters from the
that we are going to have and those big ones
impressive massive battles that go
to fill the stage with pure action
Of course it will be awesome and I
I think it's also what stands out the most
not in this dragon ball z battle of dead
to that unlike other titles of
dragon ball z that there is also no
to detest by the way this yes that we
let's find with true
massive with many characters in
of course this is going to be a
authentic little fight is going to ride in
our televisions there will also be the
possibility of synchronizing with others
colleagues to perform different
movements and hits totally
spectacular in terms of the way
individual we are going to have to overcome a
total of 60 missions and in mode
multiplayer there will be the possibility of
play with 4 users of course paints
pretty good this dragon ball z battle
of z I repeat that what we are seeing
it's awesome is the new trailer for
this title is valid as for its date of
launch the title reaches the
Japanese stores the next day 23 of
January for playstation 3 platforms
xbox 360 and playstation vita the laptop
of sony is done with a title more than
interesting about the saga dragon ball z the
title will appear in europe next
year in early 2014 but at the moment
a specific date has not been given so
we will continue very attentive
to enjoy impressive trailers
like this the new trailer
every mother dances touring and communities
and it will be
symbol la caixa or canada
and a lot
and others
yd